fix(skills): add LitElement shadow DOM grid theme injection pattern (#2270)
IgniteUI/igniteui-webcomponents: skills/igniteui-wc-generate-from-image-design/references/gotchas.md

### Grid theming is package-specific
`igniteui-grid-lite` and the premium grid packages do not map to Angular's `igx-grid__*` internal class structure. Use `get_component_design_tokens("grid")`, the exact grid package docs, and exposed tokens or parts for the package present in the workspace.

### `igniteui-webcomponents-grids` theme must be injected into the shadow root

> A bare CSS import (`import '...material.css'`) lands in the document head and is blocked by a LitElement shadow root — it never reaches the grid's internal `igx-*` components (toolbar checkboxes, column-actions panels, dropdown overlays). Without it those elements render with broken dimensions; checkboxes can expand to 1100px wide and collapse the entire grid UI.

Reviewer: > A bare CSS import (`import '...material.css'`) lands in the document head

\* most commonly, based on your bundling tool, e.g. Vite, and being part of the "light" DOM, selector rules do not apply any element inside the Shadow DOM - the internal **_structure_** of the grid - igx components or not (so no relevance to this skill), which relies on the theme.

```suggestion
A bare CSS import (`import '...material.css'`) lands in the document head and selector rules outside the Shadow root never reach the grid and its internal structure. Without it those elements render with broken dimensions; checkboxes can expand to 1100px wide and collapse the entire grid UI.
```
^ I tried, can be worded better prob.

IIRC, you can also `<link rel="stylesheet" href="...material.css"` depending on asset handling in the app and let the browser caching handle it. I think we achieved that multiple ways.

Reviewer: Also, hopefully we always enforce the `igniteui-webcompoents` theme on the document root too, because while the grid inside Shadow DOM need the theme inside for structural rules, it also very much needs the `:root` CSS variables, which do not apply from inside the Shadow root and much be outside. So if the grid is the only component, theme must be added twice :D

That's ofc a temporary situation, since we're working on bunding the styling with the component itself (like web components in this repo do) and the need for this will be removed almost completely after that.

Reviewer: But the more important part is this is all dependent on the components in being inside Shadow DOM, and ideally we should guide apps _not_ to use that for view building - outside of building custom components for the app internally - the views themselves don't need it. That was purely for CSS isolation purposes, which can be managed on an app level _or_ using CSS modules like the React projects we have do and the views no longer need it to be shadow. Think we were meant to do that to the WC project too.

// 2c over
